1.
Yes, there were a few. I underestimated tasks about InputStream to String
and file generating and overestimated tasks about testing.

I find tasks that are hard to understand or abstract are especially difficult to estimate.

No, I don't. The only thing I know is that I am not proficient enough to finish, not to mention to estimate.
Hopefull, after I get through more projects, I will get precise about estimating.

2.
Not so well. Always behind my expectations. I haven't done the whole requirement yet due to a late start but tried best to
catch up with.

3.(1)
Not easy. Although I thought about it at the beginning, I ended up with stopping trying to make perfect when
I can't even finish the basic requirement. For this reflection, it is hard to change the output language because
my implementation kindof hardcoded the output to a Java specific format.

3.(2)
Not easy. Because what I took as inputs is only JSON formatting, not reserving any other interfaces for other
input formats.

3.(3)
Impossible. Since I don't even finish the basic requirement to deserialize, never consider about this reflection.
Honestly, I don't think these three points really make a difference given that most of us can't even complete the
minimum requirements. Such compatibility is another level.

4.
Sure. If I had known now that this project were this hard, I would have definitely stopped searching any internships and have
started early. Yes, it is. I applied open-close and single responsibility design patterns to improve my FieldBuilder so that
a better encapsulation was provided.

5.
(1) As early as possible.
(2) Be realistic. Stop dreaming getting an internship this sememster as well as doing well in all the course projects.
(3) First thing first. Courses should be more important than internships when you are feeling overwhelmed.
(4) Arrange your time reasonablly.
(5) From now on, I will try my best to reschedule my goal this semester. I can predict I would learn a lot if I make an
    adjustment right now.
(6) Incremental testing is significant.
